README.md, before:

00 - AWS Account Setup (Lab Instructor Only) ==============

  - Use a sandbox/lab account for this lab. Onica users can use thier
    sso lab account.

  - Login to AWS account with an IAM user with admin permissions

  - Navigate to Cloud9 in N. Virginia/us-east 1 region:
    <https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloud9/home?region=us-east-1>

  - Create a cloud9 environment called 'admin', accept all other
    defaults

  - When the cloud9 environment is ready, open the cloud9 console in
    your browser

  - In your cloud9 environment, do:
    
        git clone https://bitbucket.org/nbdev/serverless-workshop.git
        cd serverless-workshop
        git checkout cloud9-setup
        ./setup.sh

  - When `setup.sh` is finished, run the following:
    
        git reset --hard
        git checkout step-1
        cd serverless
        npm install

  - When `npm install` is complete, run the following replacing
    `company_name` with the name of the customer for whom we are doing
    the lab, or another name appropriate for the lab event:
    
        npm run setStage company_name

  - Finally, run the following:
    
        git reset --hard
        git checkout step-10
        npm start

  - Observe the console log output of stack deployment progress. When
    the stack deployment completes, **take note** of the API-Gateway
    ServiceEndpoint value similar to the one below. You can also get
    this value later from the API-Gatway
        console:
    
        ServiceEndpoint: https://o2ykzz9u73.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/company_name

  -   - In the AWS IoT console in region us-east-1
        <https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home?region=us-east-1#/dashboard>:
        
          - Create a new certificate, use "One-click certificate
            creation (recommended)"
          - **download** the cert (GUID.cert.pem) and private key
            (GUID.private.key)
          - activate the certificate
          - attach a suitable IAM policy

  - IN the AWS IoT Console, choose **Settings** and note the IoT
    Endpoint Value, similar to:
    
        1234abcd5678-ats.iot.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

  -   - Have the following items gathered in previous steps, prepared to
        share with the lab attendees:
        
          - The AWS API-Gateway `ServiceEndpoint` value
          - The AWS IoT Core `Endpoint` value
          - The certificate file (GUID.cert.pem)
          - The private key file (GUID.private.key)
          - SSID, username, and password for a wifi network provided by
            the facility hosting the lab. This network must not require
            the use any web interface during the login process, just
            simple u/p auth. If such a network is not available, bring a
            wifi hotspot. The lab activities cannot be completed using a
            network that requires web auth.

  - When the lab is finished, tear down:
    
        # back in your Cloud9 environment
        node_modules/.bin/sls remove --stage=company_name

Commit message:

added content from serverless lab

README.md, after:

# AWS Account Setup (Lab Instructor Only)

  - Use a sandbox/lab account for this lab. Onica users can use thier
    sso lab account.

  - Login to AWS account with an IAM user with admin permissions

  - Navigate to Cloud9 in N. Virginia/us-east 1 region:
    <https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloud9/home?region=us-east-1>

  - Create a cloud9 environment called 'admin', accept all other
    defaults

  - When the cloud9 environment is ready, open the cloud9 console in
    your browser

  - In your cloud9 environment, do:
    
        git clone -b lab-setup https://github.com/onicagroup/iotanium.git
        cd iotanium
        ./setup.sh

  - When `setup.sh` is finished, run the following:
    
        cd serverless
        npm install

  - When `npm install` is complete, run the following replacing
    `company_name` with the name of the customer for whom we are doing
    the lab, or another name appropriate for the lab event:
    
        npm run setStage company_name

  - Finally, run the following to deploy the backend infrastructure for the lab:

        npm start

  - Observe the console log output of stack deployment progress. When
    the stack deployment completes, **take note** of the API-Gateway
    ServiceEndpoint value similar to the one below. You can also get
    this value later from the API-Gatway
        console:
    
        ServiceEndpoint: https://o2ykzz9u73.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/company_name

  -   - In the AWS IoT console in region us-east-1
        <https://console.aws.amazon.com/iot/home?region=us-east-1#/dashboard>:
        
          - Create a new certificate, use "One-click certificate
            creation (recommended)"
          - **download** the cert (GUID.cert.pem) and private key
            (GUID.private.key)
          - activate the certificate
          - attach a suitable IAM policy

  - IN the AWS IoT Console, choose **Settings** and note the IoT
    Endpoint Value, similar to:
    
        1234abcd5678-ats.iot.us-east-1.amazonaws.com

  -   - Have the following items gathered in previous steps, prepared to
        share with the lab attendees:
        
          - The AWS API-Gateway `ServiceEndpoint` value
          - The AWS IoT Core `Endpoint` value
          - The certificate file (GUID.cert.pem)
          - The private key file (GUID.private.key)
          - SSID, username, and password for a wifi network provided by
            the facility hosting the lab. This network must not require
            the use any web interface during the login process, just
            simple u/p auth. If such a network is not available, bring a
            wifi hotspot. The lab activities cannot be completed using a
            network that requires web auth.

  - When the lab is finished, tear down:
    
        # back in your Cloud9 environment
        node_modules/.bin/sls remove --stage=company_name
